
Extend documentation, including timings: when started,  cut-offs at various points, behaviour If time exceeded
Look at increasing throughput in SMS: (a) time-cutoff for sends, (b) interleaving by ID

oqs backend docs: 
    /home/cbird/Projects/bb-quizzes/notes/2016-11-01 backend.md
    /home/cbird/Projects/bb-quizzes/doc/backend/backend.md

## defer

oh no! matrix got stuck. to repeat: answer first practice correctly, second incorrectly (top-left). click OK. other options now appear unresponsive. clicking on them keeps spitting out `urlParam: sesh_id is [x]`.

sesh_id now undefined?

### call() and apply()

(used in debounce() in libcog.js)

In JavaScript, functions are objects. JavaScript functions have properties and methods.
`call()` and `apply()` are predefined JavaScript function methods. Both methods can be used to invoke a function, and both methods must have the owner object as first parameter. Both methods take an owner object as the first argument. The only difference is that **`call()` takes the function arguments separately**, and **`apply()` takes the function arguments in an array**.

### Disable cache

#### Chrome

Disable when dev tools is open with, Network, Disable cache.
When dev tools is open, right-clicking on the refresh button shows a menu:

    ctrl+r          Normal reload
    ctrl+shift+r?   Hard reload
    (click only)    Empty cache and hard reload

http://superuser.com/questions/220179/how-can-i-do-a-cache-refresh-in-google-chrome

## done

### perfect generic scaling algorithm

scaleElement() called a number of times:

showPage() (twice, on puzzles?)
onresize (twice?) onresize will be called multiple times when resizing and showing contents. need to debounce.

js resize event twice with embedded object (https://www.google.co.uk/search?q=js+resize+event+twice+with+embedded+object)
html5 - Javascript: Resize event being fired twice on each event (http://stackoverflow.com/questions/20961916/)
javascript - Why does the jQuery resize event fire twice? (http://stackoverflow.com/questions/5534363/why-does-the-jquery-resize-event-fire-twice)
javascript - window.onresize fires twice (http://stackoverflow.com/questions/15812618/window-onresize-fires-twice)
js debounce (https://www.google.co.uk/search?q=js+debounce)
Demystifying Debounce in JavaScript (https://john-dugan.com/javascript-debounce/)
The Difference Between Throttling and Debouncing | CSS-Tricks (https://css-tricks.com/the-difference-between-throttling-and-debouncing/)

### debounce 

in libcog.js seems to work
put in libcog.js

A Pen by John Dugan (http://codepen.io/johndugan/pen/BNwBWL)

```js
var JD = {};

JD.debounce = function(func, wait, immediate) {
    var timeout;
    return function() {
        var context = this,
            args = arguments;
        var later = function() {
            timeout = null;
            if ( !immediate ) {
                func.apply(context, args);
            }
        };
        var callNow = immediate && !timeout;
        clearTimeout(timeout);
        timeout = setTimeout(later, wait || 200);
        if ( callNow ) { 
            func.apply(context, args);
        }
    };
};

JD.firstName = function() {
    console.log('John');
};

JD.lastName = function() {
    console.log('Dugan');
};
window.addEventListener('resize', JD.debounce(JD.lastName, 400));
window.addEventListener('resize', JD.debounce(JD.firstName, 400, true));
```

Scale to allow for height - max 3 days to develop generic, otherwise hard-code-
Duration is delta from one question to next, elapsed is total time from beginning-
click times should be deltas: Duration is delta from one question to next, elapsed is total time from beginning

scaleElement has elementHWRatio: NaN, targetWidth: NaN, setMargins: NaN when called from showPage()? not onresize
    because, before page, therefore element, is shown, it doesn't have a height or width (el.height(), el.width() returns 0)
    but we don't need el.height() or el.width() every time, just once to determine the hw ratio
    set global hw ratio once on image load using new Image()?
        make it a closure so it remembers?
    or just call scaleImages() from showPage() callback when page loaded-

still not scaling correctly... moar debug msgs-
targetWidth is e.g. 400 when div#game is 600 - wrong! innerWidth(), outerWidth? outerWidth(true)?-
msg undefined in init()

scaleImages() not always right: div too small with large window .e. unnecessary margins
jumps between two sizes - e.g. because of media query breakpoint?
add devBar to calcs? no, should be derived anyway

### js timestamp

http://stackoverflow.com/questions/30926521/how-can-i-insert-content-into-a-file-during-a-gulp-build
and remove debug stuff on real build?

using gulp-replace-task

```js
gulp.task('html', ['styles', 'scripts'], () => {
  return gulp.src('app/*.html')
    .pipe(replace({ // gulp-replace-task
      patterns: [
        {
          match: 'datetime', // @@datetime in index.html
          replacement: Date()
        }
      ]
    }))
    .pipe($.useref({searchPath: ['.tmp', 'app', '.']}))
    .pipe($.if('*.js', $.uglify()))
    .pipe($.if('*.css', $.cssnano()))
    .pipe($.if('*.html', $.htmlmin({collapseWhitespace: true})))
    .pipe(gulp.dest('dist'));
});
```


### leave

> minutes from today attached.  Please try to finish off the trail making this week - including the documentation.  I've moved our progress meeting to Tuesday 6th to allow for your Monday committment. As we discussed, if you wish to take large chunks of time off between now and New Year then I've no objection in principle.  As we're not in the midst of a crisis I'm happy to waive the standard 2xDuration notice period for December and it will be fine it you book a lastminute.com type break and give me a couple of days notice.
