Helpdesk Call Detail TICK:0056 | NDPH IT Service Desk
Last Modified: 08/11/2016 12:20:40   
Modified By: Andrew Chadwick 
Created Date: 31/10/2016 11:12:02   
Created By: Alan Young
Title: open oqsweb

Impact: 1 person inconvenienced
Category: Other
Status: Opened
Priority: Medium
Owner: Dave Ewart
Please enter your building and room number: N/A
Contact method: NDPH Asset:
Parent Ticket:
Resolution:
Submitter: Alan Young
Asset: Unassigned
Device: Q101

Andrew Chadwick 08/11/2016 12:20:36
Okay, https://oqs.ndph.ox.ac.uk is not active, at least internally. Dave, can you add it to Nagios at your convenience? 

The TrendMicro bundle contained an s2cabundle.pem which worked as the 1st param of a "openssl verify -CAfile". You can tell which one is needed because it doesn't have just the one cert. So I guess that one'll be fine :) 

Installed thusly: 

    --- ssl.conf,stock 2016-07-18 16:22:22.000000000 +0100 
    +++ ssl.conf 2016-11-08 12:13:31.303034377 +0000 
    @@ -74,3 +74,3 @@ 
    # connect. Disable SSLv2 access by default: 
    -SSLProtocol all -SSLv2 
    +SSLProtocol all -SSLv2 -SSLv3 

    @@ -79,3 +79,4 @@ 
    # See the mod_ssl documentation for a complete list. 
    -SSLCipherSuite HIGH:MEDIUM:!aNULL:!MD5:!SEED:!IDEA 
    +SSLCipherSuite HIGH:!aNULL 
    +# Enable only secure ciphers stolen, from CEU "mars" server. 

    @@ -99,3 +100,3 @@ 
    # certificate can be generated using the genkey(1) command. 
    -SSLCertificateFile /etc/pki/tls/certs/localhost.crt 
    +SSLCertificateFile /etc/pki/tls/certs/oqs.ndph.ox.ac.uk.crt 

    @@ -106,3 +107,3 @@ 
    # both in parallel (to also allow the use of DSA ciphers, etc.) 
    -SSLCertificateKeyFile /etc/pki/tls/private/localhost.key 
    +SSLCertificateKeyFile /etc/pki/tls/private/oqs20161108.key 

    @@ -121,3 +122,3 @@ 
    # huge file containing all of them (file must be PEM encoded) 
    -#SSLCACertificateFile /etc/pki/tls/certs/ca-bundle.crt 
    +SSLCACertificateFile /etc/pki/tls/certs/s2cabundle20161108.pem 

Dave Ewart 04/11/2016 14:24:23
AndrewC: Another note, once active and verified working, let me know so that I can add a Nagios check for the SSL site. This will mean that Nagios can give us a heads up when the certificate is approaching expiry. In fact this should be done for any & all public SSL certificates, in my opinion, to avoid expiry happening without us noticing.

Dave Ewart 04/11/2016 11:11:31
IT Services verified, certificate has been created. 
Andrew: Reassigning back to you: I've bounced the certificate issuing email into your mailbox, subject "Deep Security for Web Apps - Notification..." 
In case you've not done this before for TrendMicro certificates, this is what you need to do. 

The included zip file will contain oqs.ndph.ox.ac.uk.crt which is the main certificate file. There are other contents which comprise the certificate chain. They don't make it clear exactly which parts are required, so you may wish to just use mars:/etc/apache2/ssl/trend2015-certchain.crt instead. Look at m​a​r​s​:​/​e​t​c​/​a​p​a​c​h​e​2​/​s​i​t​e​s​-​e​n​a​b​l​e​d​/​q​u​e​s​t​i​o​n​n​a​i​r​e​s​.​c​e​u​.ox.ac.uk.conf for config example, noting that (depending on oqsweb Apache version) it may consider the SSLCertificateChainFile directive to be deprecated, although it will work. Workaround is to put main certificate and the chain bundle into the same file and refer to that using SSLCertificateFile --- ref CEU bug 2873.

Dave Ewart 04/11/2016 09:21:09
Certificate request submitted just now. Next step is verification by IT Services.

Andrew Chadwick 03/11/2016 16:50:46
CSR attached, reassigning to Dave for the signing dance. Once that's done, please reassign this ticket to me and I'll put the keypair in place. 

Fields as requested: 

    Country Name (2 letter code) [XX]:GB 
    State or Province Name (full name) []:Oxfordshire 
    Locality Name (eg, city) [Default City]:Oxford 
    Organization Name (eg, company) [Default Company Ltd]:University of Oxford 
    Organizational Unit Name (eg, section) []:Nuffield Department of Population Health 
    Common Name (eg, your name or your server's hostname) []:oqs.ndph.ox.ac.uk 
    Email Address []:it@ndph.ox.ac.uk 
    Attachment: oqs.csr (1.78 KB)

Andrew Chadwick 02/11/2016 17:16:43
Added Chris Bird as CC.

Dave Ewart 31/10/2016 16:39:22
DNAT rule now in place. External connections on TCP 80 & 443 are now enabled. Connections from internal VLANs on those ports are already permitted as part of virtual DMZ catch-all rules. 

I can't make a keypair in isolation, you should do that as sysadmin on the server, Andrew: create a CSR for oqs.ndph.ox.ac.uk which meets the University's SSL certificate guidelines: 

    O = University of Oxford 
    L = Oxford 
    ST = Oxfordshire 
    C = GB 

and I'll submit it for public certification. Re-assigning to AndrewC for CSR generation.
Andrew Chadwick 31/10/2016 16:10:20
Reassigning to Dave for the firewall/acl work. Dave: please can you open port 443/tcp and port 80/tcp: 

- From the internet to 163.1.206.117 ("oqs.ndph.ox.ac.uk" according to the public dns) 
- From all internal vLANs to 10.192.7.2 ("oqs.ndph.ox.ac.uk" according to AD) 

And also make sure that the DNATting part (internet -> 163.1.206.117 -> 10.192.7.2) is working. 

Please can you make a keypair for oqs.ndph.ox.ac.uk signed by the relevant public CA too? Then please bounce this ticket back to me or Alan to get the cert installed.
Alan Young 31/10/2016 15:50:02
Sorry, finger confusion on my part. The oqsweb.ndph server should be visible to the outside world as oqs.ndph 
It appears to be partially there. Doing wget oqs.ndph.ox.ac.uk from the OUCS linux systems gives: 

    ayoung@raven:~$ wget http://oqs.ndph.ox.ac.uk/ 
    --2016-10-31 15:46:52-- http://oqs.ndph.ox.ac.uk/ 
    Resolving oqs.ndph.ox.ac.uk (oqs.ndph.ox.ac.uk)... 163.1.206.117 
    Connecting to oqs.ndph.ox.ac.uk (oqs.ndph.ox.ac.uk)|163.1.206.117|:80... 
    failed: Connection timed out. 

So the box can be found but isn't apparently responding - firewall block perhaps? 

Andrew Chadwick 31/10/2016 15:44:18
Alan: could you please also confirm that the servICE is *NOT* to be accessible as "oqs.ndph.ox.ac.uk" (externally or otherwise)? 

(IMO it's a nicer name to publish, and per h​t​t​p​s​:​/​/​h​i​v​e​.​n​d​p​h​.​o​x​.​a​c​.​u​k​/​c​o​r​e​/​s​h​o​w​_​b​u​g​.​c​g​i​?​i​d​=​2​0​179#c11 oqs.ndph.ox.ac.uk is already configured in public DNS as 163.1.206.117) 

I have been told that the servER is to be named oqsweb, and it is. The servICE can be named something else, and probably should. This relates to h​t​t​p​s​:​/​/​h​i​v​e​.​n​d​p​h​.​o​x​.​a​c​.​u​k​/​c​o​r​e​/​s​h​o​w​_​b​u​g​.​c​g​i​?​i​d​=​2​0​179

Alan Young 31/10/2016 15:25:41
It should be available as oqsweb.ndph externally. It will need to support http and https to the outside world but (at present) nothing else. It will also need an https certificate but that's less urgent.

Andrew Chadwick 31/10/2016 15:22:10
Hi Alan -- 

What services need to be accessed (ports), and under what name should it be served (public dns, or don't care)?
Alan Young (via email) 31/10/2016 11:12:02
Please make the oqsweb.ndph server accessible from the outside world. We need it to be visible externally as various 3rd-party tools for UI work need to be able to see it. 

Alan 

-​-​-​-​-​-​-​-​-​-​-​-​-​-​-​-​-​-​-​-​-​-​-​-​-​-​-​-​-​-​-​-​-​-​-​-​-​-​-​-​-​-​-​-​-​-​-​-​-​-​------------------ 
Dr. Alan Young, 
Director of Information Science, CTSU/NDPH, Oxford University. 
http://www.ctsu.ox.ac.uk/ 

