
split create-create.py into separate games

make practice-a|b record clicks

errorneous clicks should be recorded as just the number of incorrect clicks before the correct button is pressed in each case

### parseResponses():didn't get json

submit from l151-vlubuntu didn't work - "didn't get json" if quiz abandoned or timed out before finish
    moved stuff in main.js
and XEXEC errors -shouldn't be attempted. should have bombed out at that point, instead of trying to insert into db
    change trails.cpp



abandon modal bit wonky

media queries for text and buttons
remove margins etc, more space for svg
scaling - stose
quizzes on mobiles generally - should use all available space

timing - jon

practices have "begin" and "end" text


### js timestamp

http://stackoverflow.com/questions/30926521/how-can-i-insert-content-into-a-file-during-a-gulp-build

## progress

### objectives

Include timings for practise puzzles
Add derived columns - store elapsed duration in deciseconds (int2) + mistakes between this and previous question (int1)
Extend documentation, including timings: when started,  cut-offs at various points, behaviour if time exceeded
Begin looking at scaling

### details

> Could you remind me please what we decided regarding the timings for the trails puzzle, specifically: Are we recording every click, correct or not?

No.  For each circle we record
(1) time it was correctly clicked (deciseconds);
(2) number of incorrect clicks made between previous circle and this one.

> Is a click stored as a delta time or absolute time since the particular section was started?

Absolute time since the screen was first displayed.

> With what precision should the click times be stored?

Item (1) is INT2 capped at 9999,  item (2) is INT1 capped at 99.

> With an arbitrary number of timings, how will we store them in the database? e.g. as a JSON blob?

The scheme above means you only get 2 values for each circle displayed so there isn't an arbitrary number.
I don't know whether it's best to store the 4 tests in separate tables or one big one (with lots of columns left at -1 for the shorter tests).

## done

oqs.ndph.ox.ac.uk is online notes/2016-11-05 oqs online.md

/home/cbird/Projects/general/dev/js/node/npm/fix-npm.md

    2016-11-08 14:57:23 cbird@q108-vlubuntu ~/Projects/bb-quizzes
    $ npm prefix -g
    /home/cbird/.npm-global
