
### progress

docs: timings: when started,  cut-offs at various points, behaviour If time exceeded

## defer

make localhost deployments go to complete.php again - but then have to run php server on localhost...
BrowserStack: [Linux browswers not *officially* supported](https://github.com/twbs/bootstrap/issues/11007)

## done

Begin documentation
Prevent highlighting of circled text is user "selects" it
Determine contact emails for primary SMS users
ay re timings: deltas or absolute? precision? how to store arbitrary number of timings?

### parseResponses() buffer overrun

void Trails::parseResponses(TrailsRecord *rec) - is there a buffer overrun there? yes, instead of:

        char buf[1600];
        strcpy(buf, rec->responses.c_str()); // assumes buf[] big enough

did:

        char * buf = new char[rec->responses.length() + 1]; // always big enough
        strcpy(buf, rec->responses.c_str());

### gulp etc on l151-vlubuntu

    2016-11-05 10:47:30 kvogel@l151-vlubuntu ~/Projects/bb-quizzes/trails/yo
    $ node_modules/gulp/bin/gulp.js

(takes bleedin ages...)

    2016-11-05 11:31:57 kvogel@l151-vlubuntu ~/Projects/bb-quizzes/trails/yo/node_modules/main-bower-files
    $ bower install
    bower                     invalid-meta The "main" field has to contain only 1 file per filetype; found multiple .js files: ["index.js","test.js"]

took out `"test.js"`

### editing

Still have to copy bb-quizzes/db/sql from oqshub to oqsweb to rebuild db. 
Or, could do with vnode from hub to web - but netutil is horrible - get team ingres to do.
Probably best to do all from q108-vlubuntu, and manually upload to oqshub (c++) or oqsweb (sql) from sublime-sftp, rather than edit remote, which doesn't change local file (thus changes not seen in repo and have to sync with remote). In fact by doing this, could do edit backend c++ and build on oqsweb so no need to use oqshub at all...

abandon doesn't work, show modal-/ bit wonky

incorrect clicks? record number per step-
log practices? yes-

Collect timings (for all 4 puzzles) and save to database-/
    elapsed whole test-
    elapsed per puzzle - delta time of each click or absolute? absolute
