

something weird happens when you've left hoops alone for while and come back.... like some timeout thing

   [responses] => ["5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5","5"]

ah, something funny happens after you resize, then continue....

there is still a border left around the last clicked image map...
there are 18 different puzzles in hoops...
what is the pseudo-random algorithm?

cp_web_test

    sesh_id     incremental int8 session id, allocate from counter when test first cgi starts and passed to Javascript to be returned with results
    tinstruct   client time when instructions started
    tstart      client time when test started
    tfinish     client time when test completed
    tinsert
    durationN   duration of puzzle
    puzzleN     identifier for which puzzle is being shown
    elapsedN    time elapsed since tstart
    answerN     answer given
    correctN    whether answer is correct

(N=1,....)

We also need a field ntests which records the number of puzzles completed

* Finish re-implementing the re-sizing algorithm as specified. 
* Include worked examples of re-sizing in documentation.
* Fix data bug in hoops which appears to be resulting in incorrect data being output. Please check the output thoroughly as it shouldn't be me who is spotting such things in demos.
* Start saving data to ingres. Create a database cp_web_test with table "hoops" and insert a single record into each when the corresponding test is completed.  We'll finalise the spec of the tables later, but for the minute the table should contain columns

  sesh_id - incremental int8 session id, allocate from counter when test first cgi starts and passed to Javascript to be returned with results
  tinstruct - client time when instructions started
  tstart - client time when test started
  tfinish - client time when test completed
  tinsert - server time (default 'now' field) when record inserted

for each individual hoops puzzle we need to save

  duration of puzzle
  identifier for which puzzle is being shown
  time elapsed since tstart
  answer given
  whether answer is correct

in fields durationN, puzzleN, elapsedN, answerN, correctN (N=1,....)

We also need a field ntests which records the number of puzzles completed - i.e. the maximum value of N for which there is valid data (default any non-done puzzle columns to values like -1)

It would be nice if you can get the program inserting into this structure by Tuesday, but I'll settle for seeing the table created in the database register if that's not possible due to the bug fixes.

## defer

scaling - thought I'd fixed my basic one on tuesday? What happened?
yes, the matrix on red scrolls, but the localhost one with scaleImagesCBsimple() doesn't
  so scaleImagesAY() is redundant, but...
I believe I've been asking for this for 6 weeks now.
2x2 still "larger" than 3x3 - tiles are bigger cause there's less of them to fill the same space

## done

`xev` shows keypresses in X Windows
* Fix multiple-click bug in hoops which allows users to 'stack' mouse clicks and move through without properly answering.
hoops swallows (e.g.) ctrl-shift-i for dev tools (ff and chrome) - move e.preventDefault()
hoops - cap scaling-
hoops - centre welcome screen-
make sure correct complete.php is submitted to-
hoops: on mobile, buttons are ridiculously large and spaced apart, so that image is tiny and buttons scroll off the bottom
set media queries on these:

```css
  #answers button {
      padding: 20px;
      margin: 15px;
  }
  .btn-lg, .btn-group-lg > .btn {
      padding: 10px 16px;
      font-size: 18px;
      line-height: 1.3333333;
      border-radius: 6px;
  }
```
