

layout - OK, well currently, though the layout is flexible, the grid images are fixed size so don't fit on many devices (but does on my phone?)

explanatory text
space out lower grid

show zoom level

### "responsive design mode" in Firefox / "Device mode" in Chrome 

The so-called "responsive design mode" in Firefox (ctrl-shift-m) and "Device mode" in Chrome don't properly emulate mobile devices, like BrowserStack does.
The Matrix test displays well in Chrome on my Samsung Galaxy Core Prime (Android 5.1.1) and in Chrome on a Samsung S6 (Android 5) or S5 (Android 4) on BrowserStack, but is too big to fit on the screen in Chrome "Device mode" pretending to be a Samsung S5 or Firefox's responsive design mode.

Wonder why that is?



http://stackoverflow.com/questions/1713771/how-to-detect-page-zoom-level-in-all-modern-browsers
https://github.com/tombigel/detect-zoom


```css
body,html{
  height:100%;
}
div#right{
  height:100%
}
```

For columns that are not starting at the top of the page (for example: if they are starting below the header).

```html
<script>
     $(document).ready(function () {
        var column_height = $("body").height();
        column_height = column_height - 100; // 100 is the header height
        column_height = column_height + "px";
        $("#column").css("height",column_height);
    });
</script>
```


### [modernizr](https://modernizr.com/)

`html class=" js flexbox flexboxlegacy ..."`? modernizr

>It’s a collection of superfast tests – or “detects” as we like to call them – which run as your web page loads, then you can use the results to tailor the experience to the user.

>Modernizr makes it easy to deliver tiered experiences: make use of the latest and greatest features in browsers which support them, without leaving less fortunate users high and dry.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Modernizr
>designed to detect HTML5 and CSS3 features in various browsers, which lets JavaScript avoid using unimplemented features or use a workaround such as a shim to emulate them. 

>creates a JavaScript object named `Modernizr` that contains the results of these tests as boolean properties. It also adds classes to the HTML element based on what features are and are not natively supported.

>The library is simply a feature-detection method and as such, does not add missing functionality to older browsers.

e.g. 

```js
  if (Modernizr.canvas) {
    // let's draw some shapes!
  } else {
    // no native canvas support available :(
  }
```




http://xrat/matrix/ - can at least view source not in a frame

javascript - How can I keep the "Console Drawer" hidden by default every time I open Chrome DevTools? - Stack Overflow (http://stackoverflow.com/questions/20819685/how-can-i-keep-the-console-drawer-hidden-by-default-every-time-i-open-chrome-d)
