
### bad gulp-build...

contents of dist still not right:

    2016-03-30 17:26:31 cbird@q108-vlubuntu ~/Projects/bb-quizzes/matrix
    $ ll dist/images/
    -rw-rw-r-- 1 cbird cbird 3.5K Mar 29 17:04 matrix_ex10.png
    ...
    $ ll app/images/
    -rw-rw-r-- 1 cbird cbird 2.6K Mar 15 10:11 intro1.png
    -rw-rw-r-- 1 cbird cbird 7.4K Mar 15 10:11 intro2.png
    -rw-rw-r-- 1 cbird cbird 9.0K Mar 15 10:11 intro3.png
    -rw-rw-r-- 1 cbird cbird  17K Mar 15 10:11 matrix_ex10.png
    ...

renamed images intro1,2,3.png not copied into dist from app

    2016-03-30 17:29:40 cbird@q108-vlubuntu ~/Projects/bb-quizzes/matrix
    $ gulp build-nolint
    [17:29:53] Hello world!
    [17:29:53] Using gulpfile ~/Projects/bb-quizzes/matrix/gulpfile.babel.js
    ....
    [17:30:10] Starting 'build-nolint'...
    [17:30:11] build all files 361.52 kB (gzipped)
    [17:30:11] Finished 'build-nolint' after 146 ms

still dist/images wrong... dist/index.html is hopelessly out of date, though has current timestamp... wagwan?

what if I do gulp build (not build-nolint) and fix all the lint errors?

gulp-eslint:

    269:16   error  Expected literal to be on the right side of ==  yoda

"yoda" - speaking backwards you are!

full lint, gulp build - dist not updated
is that what gulp build is supposed to do? yes:

http://yeoman.io/learning/deployment.html
>Running the build task generates an optimized version of your application in the dist directory.

just 'gulp': dist updated, but - images still wrong.

notice it's doing everything asynchronously:

    [18:13:52] Starting 'html'...
    [18:13:53] Finished 'fonts' after 2.29 s
    [18:14:01] Finished 'html' after 9.42 s
    [18:14:01] Finished 'images' after 11 s
    [18:14:01] Starting 'build'...

is this a good idea?
wonder if there's a new version of yo and/or gulp that I should be using...

pushed to webfaction again, broken - choosing image 4 in the first example gives:
linter had made me change 

    if (num == page.correct)

to

    if (num === page.correct)

which **changes the logic**! sftped into webfaction and changed it back to `==` with `vi` (script minified so all on one line), and that fixed it back. Changed back to `==` in source and ran `gulp` just to check that it really was complaining, and sure enough:

    /home/cbird/Projects/bb-quizzes/matrix/app/scripts/main.js
      295:24  error  Expected '===' and instead saw '=='  eqeqeq

but this this changes the logic and is not what I want!

http://stackoverflow.com/a/33457014/535071
>If you want to be a good citizen and fix your code to use the recommended comparison instead of turning the warning off, make sure both sides of the comparison are using the same type. For example:
"123" == 123          // true, I'm lazy and JSHint hates me
"123" === 123         // false, no love
Number("123") === 123 // true, no warning

so did

    if (Number(num) === page.correct)

and now it lints **and** works properly... but sheesh, eslint.... jshint allows you to suppress this "error".

anyway, `./dist` STILL doesn't contain the right images. And I want to go home.

ps moved a lot of cruft from ./app/scripts into ./dev to quickly avoid linting errors, but might need some of it at some point

try running `gulp images`:

    2016-03-30 18:37:48 cbird@q108-vlubuntu ~/Projects/bb-quizzes/matrix
    $ gulp images
    [18:37:56] Using gulpfile ~/Projects/bb-quizzes/matrix/gulpfile.babel.js
    [18:37:56] Starting 'images'...
    [18:37:56] Finished 'images' after 489 ms

appears to have worked... but dist/images is not the same as app/images

```js
    gulp.task('images', () => {
      return gulp.src('app/images/**/*')
        .pipe($.cache($.imagemin({
          progressive: true,
          interlaced: true,
          // don't remove IDs from SVGs, they are often used
          // as hooks for embedding and styling
          svgoPlugins: [{cleanupIDs: false}]
        })))
        .pipe(gulp.dest('dist/images'));
    });
```

https://www.tildedave.com/2015/01/07/i-find-gulp-extremely-frustrating.html
>Does gulp help you here? NO. It fails silently.

http://blog.keithcirkel.co.uk/why-we-should-stop-using-grunt/
>Bad behaviours
Speaking of my experiences with Gulp, when I finally got JSHint to work, and generated a couple of errors to make it fail, I noticed something. It didn't actually fail.
>Gulp actually has plugins to make it exit properly. (https://www.npmjs.com/package/gulp-exit)

made 'images-nomin' task to see if it is imagemin that is failing silently:

```js
    gulp.task('images-nomin', () => {
      return gulp.src('app/images/**/*')
        .pipe(gulp.dest('dist/images'));
    });
```

now this works! images are updated in dist/images.
but this is bad, generally - things can fail and you don't know about it, and spend ages, like today, trying to find out what went wrong.

matrix_ex1.png is still wrong on kvogel.net.
ok in app, dist, now. scp said it was transferred:

    matrix_ex1.png                                100% 5332     5.2KB/s   00:00 

ah, think it was being cached, on chrome linux. loads ok on chrome windows... 

what is imagemin and why is it failing? (or cache?)
`gulp` calls `gulp build` anyway...

is imagemin installed? yes

    2016-03-30 19:29:28 kvogel@yoga3-vlubuntu ~/Projects/bb-quizzes/matrix
    $ npm list gulp-imagemin
    @ /home/kvogel/Projects/bb-quizzes/matrix
    └── gulp-imagemin@2.4.0 

or... maybe `cache` failed to pass on the "new" files because they'd been renamed, not changed?

https://www.npmjs.com/package/gulp-print
>This is a very basic gulp plugin that prints names of files. It's useful as a debugging tool to see which files are moving through the pipe or as a status printout.

made `gulp print` task:

    2016-03-30 19:42:29 kvogel@yoga3-vlubuntu ~/Projects/bb-quizzes/matrix
    $ gulp print
    [19:42:57] Requiring external module babel-register
    [19:42:58] Hello world!
    [19:42:58] Using gulpfile ~/Projects/bb-quizzes/matrix/gulpfile.babel.js
    [19:42:58] Starting 'print'...
    [19:42:58] app/images/intro1.png
    ...
    [19:42:58] Finished 'print' after 362 ms

so includes intro*.png even with cache and imagemin...
and seems to have added the missing files earlier today at least:

    2016-03-30 19:42:58 kvogel@yoga3-vlubuntu ~/Projects/bb-quizzes/matrix
    $ ll dist/images/
    -rw-rw-r-- 1 kvogel kvogel 1.6K Mar 30 14:55 intro1.png

but this is on yoga3-vlubuntu, and it was on q108-vlubuntu at work earlier that I was having problems.... maybe cache or imagemin isn't installed on that machine? should be...

### bad gulp-ssh

ex12 answer was probably wrong, changed from 6 to 1 in config.json
in bbquizzes.git, 
    matrix/app/config.json, ex12 answer is now 1
    matrix/dist/config.json, ex12 answer is now 1
did gulp-ssh sftp from yoga3-vlubuntu


    [14:55:07] Preparing to write "/home/drkvogel/webapps/main/matrix/config.json"
    [14:55:07] Writing '/home/drkvogel/webapps/main/matrix/config.json'
    [14:55:07] Finished writing '/home/drkvogel/webapps/main/matrix/config.json'

    2016-03-30 14:54:44 drkvogel@web456 ~/webapps/main/matrix
    $ ll "/home/drkvogel/webapps/main/matrix/config.json"
    -rw-rw-r-- 1 drkvogel drkvogel 6.1K Mar 30 13:55 /home/drkvogel/webapps/main/matrix/config.json

13.55 timestamp looks right - server is in Amsterdam, 1hr behind the UK.

    2016-03-30 15:57:33 kvogel@yoga3-vlubuntu ~/Projects/bb-quizzes/matrix/app
    $ grep ex12 config.json --after-context=6
            "name": "ex12",
            "templateId": "quiz3x3",
            "sheet": "matrix_ex12.png",
            "images": {
                "top": [0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7],
                "bottom": [8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15]
            },
            "answer": -1,
            "correct": 1


    2016-03-30 14:57:03 drkvogel@web456 ~/webapps/main/matrix
    $ grep ex12 config.json --after-context=6
            "name": "ex12",
            "templateId": "quiz3x3",
            "sheet": "matrix_ex12.png",
            "images": {
                "top": [0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7],
                "bottom": [8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15]
            },
            "answer": -1,
            "correct": 6

i.e. it said it had written the file (gulp-ssh), and the timestamp is updated - but the file is not!
file this as a bug...
or is there some "noclobber" setting?
or an error that I'm catching and not seeing?
use scp instead - wasted enough time on this
Wed Mar 30 16:16:36 2016 ok, scp seems to work reliably - as you'd expect.