
Scale to allow for height

thought: why am I adding up the heights of everything on the page when I could do (height of body) - (height of element to be scaled) and scale vs window.height?
in fact, could genericise:

```js
function scaleElement(elementSelector) {
   var heightExtra = $("body").height() - $(elementSelector).height();
   ...
}
```

GRASP vs GOF patterns

docs...
    timings: 
        when started
        cut-offs at various points
        behaviour if time exceeded

### jon re timing

Even latest versions of IE (11) bunch events if load is high. End the **most recent**, rather than the longest outstanding event will then be triggered. This caused some negative time deltas in the Healthy Minds quiz - i.e. subsequent events appeared to have happened before each other. This happened in a small number of cases (e.g. 7 in 10,0000) in testing. No workaround was found.

In the case of the trails quiz, there are two potential issues:
1) Delta times could be wrong
2) Events could trigger in the wrong order and put the application in an unintended state - e.g. it might cease to function in the correct manner.

Regarding these two points:
1) The potential timing errors were in the range >10 milliseconds, and the precision of the timings gathered is deciseconds, and not critical - the aggregate data is what is required
2) i) The potential time error should be much less than a human is able to generate clicks on separate (circle) elements. Therefore it should not be possible for click events to be handled in the wrong order.
   ii) Even if it were possible for the events to be handled in the wrong order, it should not put the application in an unstable state - a correct click might be interpreted as a wrong one or vice versa - but the application should be able to handle that anyway and the impact to the user and to the timings would be minor.

hasperformance?


## defer

answer fields in trails db should be NOT NULL and have COMMENT-?
could have used defs in svgs to simplify: http://tutorials.jenkov.com/svg/defs-element.html
Begin looking at scaling

    2016-11-14 10:58:11 cbird@q108-vlubuntu ~/Projects/bb-quizzes/trails/yo
    $ gulp build
    [10:58:12] Requiring external module babel-register
    [takes ages...]


## done

media queries:
text bigger on large viewports
svg numbers smaller on large viewports

Increase smaller text font
Add derived columns - store elapsed duration in deciseconds (int2) + mistakes between this and previous question (int1)
Increase size of numbers within circles

### timerWholeTest.now() returns -1 always

startTimer() was never called....
timer.now() called in showPage2(), but not timerWholeTest.now(), so never started and returned -1.
call timerWholeTest.now() in init() for whole game, or in showPage/2() for each puzzle

```js
function init() {
    timer = new Timer(); // globals
    timerWholeTest = new Timer(); // globals
    timerWholeTest.now(); // start timer for whole test
    ...
}
```

```js
function startTimer(page) {
    timer.now(); // start timer for practices *and* real exercises
    timerWholeTest.now(); // start timer for the whole game (for "elapsed" field)
    config.timeStarted = isoDate();
    console.log('config.timeStarted: ' + config.timeStarted);
    timeUpTimeout = setTimeout(timeUp, config.timeLimit);
}
```

```js
function logEvent(element) { // for practices and real puzzles
    console.log('logEvent(): element: ' + element);// + ', correct: ' + isCorrect);
    var page = currentPage();
    var timeTaken;
    timer.lap();
    timerWholeTest.lap();
    timeTaken = timer.getElapsed();
    //showTime(timeTaken, isCorrect);
    var answer = {
        wrongClicks: wrongClicks,              // number of wrong clicks before correct
        duration: timer.getElapsed(),          // Time taken to click on next correct element
        elapsed: timerWholeTest.getElapsed() // cumulative time elapsed
    }; // name of puzzle/practice, id of element clicked on by user can be determined by position in list
    timer.now();
    console.log('logEvent(): answer: ' + logObj(answer));
    answers.push(answer);
}
```

ay made vnode `oqsweb_cp` with netutil

    2016-11-14 11:40:03 cp@oqshub ~/proj/bb-quizzes/db
    $ sql oqsweb_cp::cp_web_test
    continue
    * 


### max size of string literal


```c++
    // trails.cpp
    const char * responseFields = "[2404 chars]"
```

    2016-11-14 14:31:06 cp@oqshub ~/proj/bb-quizzes/backend
    $ make
    g++ -Dint_lnx -g -I/dbsystem/II/ingres/files   -c -o trails.o trails.cpp
    trails.cpp:142:29: warning: missing terminating " character [enabled by default]
         char * responseFields = "
    trails.cpp:142:5: error: missing terminating " character

http://stackoverflow.com/questions/11488616/why-is-max-length-of-c-string-literal-different-from-max-char
>Clarification: Given that a string literal can be rewritten as a const
char[] (see below), imposing a lower max length on literals than on char[]s is just a syntactic inconvenience. Why does the C standard encourage this?
The C89 standard has a translation limit for string literals: 509 characters in a character string literal or wide string literal (after concatenation)
There isn't a limit for a char arrays; perhaps: 32767 bytes in an object (in a hosted environment only)

but

```c++
    // trails.cpp
    const char responseFields[] = "[2404 chars]"
```

is ok.
