
Tue Dec 13 15:34:18 2016
c++ backend field names in show responses not up to date - use Rosetta r.name() r.getString() r.count()
deltas don't add up
elapsed should reset for each puzzle?


Abandon button too close to puzzle
Text spacing - too close to edges on big screen
scaleImages() on rotate


## defer

circle counter or whatever could be reset on showPage() - goes awry if devBar used to skip
could use defs to define a group then give each one set of coords?
SMS interleave

```sql
SELECT *
FROM (
        SELECT grp, msgno, msg, ROW_NUMBER() OVER (PARTITION BY grp ORDER BY msgno ) n
        FROM session.x
    ) y 
ORDER BY
    n, grp, msgno;
```

## done

gulp build time put in comments-

### bigger touch area for circles

extending downwards perhaps

trails: ellipse cy + 5 rx 25 ry 30
transparency not officially part of svg spec, though many UAs support it
stroke="none" fill="none" but then loses events... because fill is "none" and not "white", i.e. is hollow? yes. set fill in order to respond to click
with stroke-width="none", ellipse outline can still be seen....  use stroke="white"
lines are drawn before and therefore under circles/groups so that segment within circle originating at circle centre is obscured
with extra elliptical touch area, line gets broken when drawn under it
on correct click, remove ellipse just before showing line?
or draw ellipse before line?

In SVG, z-index is defined by the order the element appears in the document. SVG 2 brings in an explicit z-order
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/17786618/how-to-use-z-index-in-svg-elements

I want the ellipse to be part of the group that responds to click events, but not the lines. Currently, the line is not in the group:

```xml
    <line id="l1" x1="277" y1="390" x2="213" y2="452" stroke-width="2" stroke="black" display="none" />
    <g id="g1">
        <ellipse id="e1" cx="277" cy="395" rx="25" ry="28" alt="" stroke-width="none" stroke="none" fill="white" />
        <circle id="c1" cx="277" cy="390" r="20" alt="circle1" stroke-width="2" stroke="black" fill="white" />
        <text  x="277" y="390" text-anchor="middle" dominant-baseline="central">1</text>
    </g>
```

but in order to draw it on top of the ellipse, and under the circle and text, it would need to be in the group:

```xml
    <g id="g1">
        <ellipse id="e1" cx="277" cy="395" rx="25" ry="28" alt="" stroke-width="none" stroke="none" fill="white" />
        <line id="l1" x1="277" y1="390" x2="213" y2="452" stroke-width="2" stroke="black" display="none" />
        <circle id="c1" cx="277" cy="390" r="20" alt="circle1" stroke-width="2" stroke="black" fill="white" />
        <text  x="277" y="390" text-anchor="middle" dominant-baseline="central">1</text>
    </g>
```

which would make it respond to clicks... except that at this point the line is not visible (rather than the same colour as the background, like the ellipse) - so doesn't respond to clicks anyway.

but... though the line is drawn after the first ellipse (so it goes over it), it is drawn *before* the ellipse in the next node, so goes under it. 
see bb-quizzes/doc/trails/trails-ellipse-line-z-index.png

of course, once the next correct node is clicked on, the ellipse is no longer needed, so can be deleted....

part-b.svg 
    7 to G line obscured by ellipse from H - move H north say 5px.. not enough? *less* Y to make it go up, eejit!
    K to 12 by L - L could go east 5px
    remember to move ellipse, circle, line and text
