

    2016-10-18 19:41:08 kvogel@yoga3-vlubuntu ~/Projects/bb-quizzes/trails/yo
    $ yarn
    yarn install v0.15.1
    info No lockfile found.
    [1/4] Resolving packages...
    warning gulp-eslint > eslint > minimatch@2.0.10: Please update to minimatch 3.0.2 or higher to avoid a RegExp DoS issue
    warning gulp-if > gulp-match > minimatch@1.0.0: Please update to minimatch 3.0.2 or higher to avoid a RegExp DoS issue
    warning wiredep > bower-config > graceful-fs@2.0.3: graceful-fs v3.0.0 and before will fail on node releases >= v7.0. Please update to graceful-fs@^4.0.0 as soon as possible. Use 'npm ls graceful-fs' to find it in the tree.
    warning browser-sync > localtunnel > request > tough-cookie@2.2.2: ReDoS vulnerability parsing Set-Cookie https://nodesecurity.io/advisories/130
    warning gulp > vinyl-fs > glob-watcher > gaze > globule > minimatch@0.2.14: Please update to minimatch 3.0.2 or higher to avoid a RegExp DoS issue
    warning gulp > vinyl-fs > glob-watcher > gaze > globule > glob > graceful-fs@1.2.3: graceful-fs v3.0.0 and before will fail on node releases >= v7.0. Please update to graceful-fs@^4.0.0 as soon as possible. Use 'npm ls graceful-fs' to find it in the tree.
    [2/4] Fetching packages...
    warning lodash@2.4.2: The engine "rhino" appears to be invalid.
    warning fsevents@1.0.14: The platform "linux" is incompatible with this module.
    info "fsevents@1.0.14" is an optional dependency and failed compatibility check. Excluding it from installation.
    warning benchmark@1.0.0: The engine "rhino" appears to be invalid.
    warning lodash@1.0.2: The engine "rhino" appears to be invalid.
    [3/4] Linking dependencies...
    [4/4] Building fresh packages...
    success Saved lockfile.
    Done in 723.21s.
    2016-10-18 19:57:16 kvogel@yoga3-vlubuntu ~/Projects/bb-quizzes/trails/yo
    $ 

yarn took 16 minutes!