
trying to space lower grid cells apart, e.g.:

    /*div#quiz2x2 > div.grid3x2 > div.row > div {*/
    div#quiz2x2 > div.grid3x2 > div.row > div {
      padding: 20px;
    }

ff unique select for bottom right tile of bottom grid is: `.grid3x2 > div:nth-child(2) > div:nth-child(3)`
chrome says just: `#bot5`


    padding: 10px; 

seems to have no effect

    padding: 10%;

does

    margin: 10%

makes it go crazy! 
what am I matching?

## done

## ex3

looks to me like ex3 expected answer should be 5, not 3, in config.json. double-checked MatrixGame.cpp - it is 3, but Jonathan said he might not have copied them all correctly...

missing tile now has id="missing", in both 2x2 and 3x3 grids
... but, even if not displayed at same time, both grids exist in same page
so id not enough to uniquely identify
so now missing2x2 and missing3x3
page.templateId gives "quiz2x2" or "quiz3x3"

### images renamed

Wed Mar 23 17:32:25 2016
images seem to have been renamed to reflect intro1,2,3,getReady,ex1,ex2 etc... e.g. what is matrix_ex6.png on q108 windows copy is matrix_ex3.png in repo. don't remember doing that... actually, do, vaguely...
but one using matrix_ex3.png is borked anyway
Wed Mar 23 17:34:48 2016
yes, I copied the array wrongly. fixed now.

### browsersync

browsersync - probably - opens a browser (currently ff) to show the page on `gulp serve` - and also closes it when finished.
>Since SCSS is a CSS extension, everything that works in CSS works in SCSS.

### matrix -> yo test merge

cos matrix was borked - probably because I removed some comments significant to yo/bower from index.html
so started again in yo-test and copied bits over

### scripts not being refreshed, 

even with `gulp serve` restart:

    cbird@q108-vlubuntu:~/Projects/bb-quizzes/matrix$ ll app/scripts/main.js 
    -rw-rw-r-- 1 cbird cbird 3.9K Mar  4 12:11 app/scripts/main.js
    cbird@q108-vlubuntu:~/Projects/bb-quizzes/matrix$ ll .tmp/scripts/main.js
    -rw-rw-r-- 1 cbird cbird 3.8K Mar  4 12:04 .tmp/scripts/main.js

because there are errors in yo script, g!