From: Alan Young [mailto:ayoung@nexus.ox.ac.uk] Sent: 01 July 2016 09:47 To: Chris Bird Subject: Matices - next step

Dear Chris, following our meeting yesterday I thought I'd summarise our discussions and put some detail into what I now want you to do.
The web questionnaire job was assigned at the end of February and, 18 weeks later, the first questionnaire isn't yet complete so I think a more formal approach is needed to the design. I'd therefore like you to produce a document describing the structure, technology and sizing algorithms in the main web-page of the Matrices questionnaire. The document (in MS-Word) should contain at least:

* A pictorial representation of the <div>s in the page, accompanied by a brief description of the purpose of each.
* Details of the image sizes and names of any included libraries (e.g. node.js)
* A description (with pseudo-code) of the algorithm used to determine the scaling of the image elements.  This should be based around the method I outlined - i.e. determine separately the scaling in each of the horizontal and vertical directions required to fit the window, then resize using the smaller of these factors as a parameter.
* Worked numeric examples for screen resolutions of (HxV) 1280x1024, 640x480, 320x480, 750x1334 and 1242x2208

Please have the report with me by 10am on May 5th so I can review it prior to our regular progress meeting at 11.30 that day. I'm not looking for a huge tome - half a dozen or so pages ought to be sufficient to cover everything listed above.

I noticed there's a blank directory on red.ctsu for the picture vocabulary test. As a reminder, getting the Matrices questionnaire finished is #1 priority and I don't want any time spent on other tasks (including picvoc) without explicit agreement. You should also have now ceased using your personal equipment and be doing the development purely on NDPH provided kit. Regards, Alan

Dr. Alan Young, Director of Information Science, CTSU/NDPH, Oxford University. http://www.ndph.ox.ac.uk/team/alan-young

>produce a document describing the structure, technology and sizing algorithms in the main web-page of the Matrices questionnaire

Understood.

>18 weeks later, the first questionnaire isn't yet complete

(apart from the responsiveness, it was done in 3 weeks...
I've had no training, there is no expertise in the department, and whenever I say that I'd like to learn how to do it properly, I get told not to.)


>blank directory on red.ctsu for the picture vocabulary test

That was really to test the Yeoman scaffolding tool I have been using for the other tests, and to test the bash script I use to upload built content to the server - I have made it generic so now all you have to do to upload the latest build to red is type `./red`. And also to test how generic the JavaScript code I have written so far for the Matrix puzzle and Hoops is. Beyond this, and collecting the images from Sharon's CVS repository, I have not done any further work on the Vocab test.

>be doing the development purely on NDPH provided kit

It's a longshot, but could I have a MacBook please? I find a laptop very useful for getting away from distractions when focus is needed. Also, the tools I have been using (Node.js, Yeoman, Gulp, BrowserSync, etc.) will not work on Windows, so I created a Linux (Lubuntu) virtual machine on my Windows machine to do the development. This works well, but is of course tied to the desktop, whereas I find tricky work easier to do on a laptop somewhere quiet. A Windows latop running a Linux virtual machine is OK, but requires a lot of setting up - which I have already done on my desktop machine - to get running as a decent development environment. Most web developers use MacBooks as, apart from the excellent hardware, they run OSX, a version of UNIX, which is ideal for command-line based development and has many tools for web development built in. 