

supposed to do worked examples...
something weird happens when you've left hoops alone for while and come back.... like some timeout thing

   [responses] => ["5","5","5",... "5","5","5","5"]

something funny happens after you resize, then continue.... a timeout not being cleared?

### page transition glitch

hoops, matrix look jumpy on page change because .fadeIn()/.slideDown() is happening at the same time as .fadeOut()
if it's the same page type/template, it looks OK, but otherwise you see the next page appearing underneath before the current disappears
that's why .slideDown() looks a bit better... content is mostly offscreen while fadeout still happening
.fadeOut() is not blocking... give it a callback to call on complete
I think you have to give .fadeOut() a duration as well to give it a callback: `.fadeOut([duration] [, complete])`
resource hints: preload, prefetch etc

http://stackoverflow.com/questions/2989549/how-do-i-make-fadeout-blocking-in-jquery

```js
$('#blah').fadeOut(2000, function(){
    $("#blah2").fadeIn(2000);
});
```

though fadeout, fadein are wrapped in funcs:

    function hideDiv(id) {
        $('#' + id).fadeOut(); // 'fast'
    }
    function showDiv(id) {
        $('#' + id).fadeIn('fast');
    }

    function nextPage() {
        hidePage(currentPage());

---


hoops intro pics are the wrong way round, i.e. puzzle solved backwards
there is still a border left around the last clicked image map...
there are 18 different puzzles in hoops...
what is the pseudo-random algorithm?
 
* Include worked examples of re-sizing in documentation.
* Fix data bug in hoops which appears to be resulting in incorrect data being output. Please check the output thoroughly as it shouldn't be me who is spotting such things in demos.

* I'm glad you've been able to get a dummy CGI saving to database and have sent me the hoops documentation and database field types, however all the other jobs from our last meeting are still in the ToDo list.
* Please discuss the hoops data format/algorithm with Jonathan rather than spending time trying to deduce it from the code.  All I care about is getting a working system - if 10 minutes of his time can save hours of yours then that's a win as far as I'm concerned.
* I'm away for a week now so our next meeting is on 29th Aug.  As this is a fortnight I'd expect you can completely finish all the tasks from our previous meeting (as listed below) by then.
* Assuming the tasks below are finished (and only then), please look at the cognitive tests Jonathan deployed last year with a view to redoing their presentation to make the interfaces fully responsive to size changes if they are not already.  All I'm looking for here is an initial verbal assessment - I don't want specs or code at this stage.
* I'll contact Jonathan to advise him of his role in what I've requested you to do as outlined above.
* You mentioed you might need to take odd days leave while I'm away. 
Please consider this pre-approved but, once you know them, drop me an email regardless for each date prior to taking it and ensure it goes into your calendar.
* We'll discuss priororising the Lind library work at a future meeting.

---

* Please send me electronically the Matrices and Hoops documentation and attach them to the appropriate bugs.
* Fix data bug in hoops which appears to be resulting in incorrect data being output. [This is #1 priority]
* Save data for both quizzes to database from CGIs.

## done

* Modify field types in hoops database table as discussed.
* Create matrices database table analagously to hoops but without the columns to identify the puzzle (these are redundant for matrices).

### Ingres COMMENT ON

The COMMENT ON statement has the following format:

```sql
    [EXEC SQL] COMMENT ON
    TABLE [schema.]table_name | COLUMN [schema.]table_name.column_name
    IS remark_text

    -- table_name      Specifies the table for which the constraint is defined
    -- remark_text     Defines the text of the comment

    -- Limits: The maximum length for a comment is 1600 characters

    -- e.g.

    COMMENT ON COLUMN matrix.tstarted IS 'time quiz started'
```
