
fossilize...


Tue Jul 12 11:54:56 2016 meeting
abandon still scrolls off in some dimensions
`#abandon-div` is outside `#page`

Implement AY re-sizing algorithm and update documentation
description of images - size of icons and spacings between them for the 2 layouts
Produce a similar document for the Hoops system


imagemap does not match image on 10, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19 - change map or image
on those images where the imagemap does not match, the border of the clickable `area` is left visible after showing the next page

list of palette images, some of which don't match the imagemap:

    blank-3x2-palette.png:      PNG image data, 680 x 365, 8-bit/color RGBA, non-interlaced
    blank-4x2-palette.png:      PNG image data, 755 x 295, 8-bit/color RGBA, non-interlaced
    intro1/intro1-palette.png:  PNG image data, 680 x 365, 8-bit/color RGBA, non-interlaced
    intro2/intro2-palette.png:  PNG image data, 680 x 365, 8-bit/color RGBA, non-interlaced
    intro3/intro3-palette.png:  PNG image data, 755 x 295, 8-bit/color RGBA, non-interlaced
    ex1/ex1-palette.png:        PNG image data, 755 x 295, 8-bit/color RGBA, non-interlaced
    ex2/ex2-palette.png:        PNG image data, 680 x 365, 8-bit/color RGBA, non-interlaced
    ex3/ex3-palette.png:        PNG image data, 680 x 365, 8-bit/color RGBA, non-interlaced
    ex4/ex4-palette.png:        PNG image data, 680 x 365, 8-bit/color RGBA, non-interlaced
    ex5/ex5-palette.png:        PNG image data, 680 x 365, 8-bit/color RGBA, non-interlaced
    ex6/ex6-palette.png:        PNG image data, 857 x 293, 8-bit colormap, non-interlaced
    ex7/ex7-palette.png:        PNG image data, 755 x 295, 8-bit/color RGBA, non-interlaced
    ex8/ex8-palette.png:        PNG image data, 755 x 295, 8-bit/color RGBA, non-interlaced
    ex9/ex9-palette.png:        PNG image data, 857 x 293, 8-bit colormap, non-interlaced
    ex10/ex10-palette.png:      PNG image data, 857 x 293, 8-bit colormap, non-interlaced
    ex11/ex11-palette.png:      PNG image data, 857 x 293, 8-bit colormap, non-interlaced
    ex12/ex12-palette.png:      PNG image data, 857 x 293, 8-bit colormap, non-interlaced
    ex13/ex13-palette.png:      PNG image data, 858 x 293, 8-bit colormap, non-interlaced
    ex14/ex14-palette.png:      PNG image data, 791 x 261, 8-bit colormap, non-interlaced
    ex15/ex15-palette.png:      PNG image data, 860 x 284, 8-bit colormap, non-interlaced

css errors
abandon button vanishes
js keeps it roughly square but that is not exactly what we want, too much whitespace at the bottom for a start


## defer

tidy up matrix, hoops
log IP?
send result by ajax (don't use submit)
look at fossil bugs bb-quizzes.fossil
pointer doesn't change over clickable areas now? some images wrong
dev prev button doesn't work now unless navbar fits on one line
shrink containing div - too big-
with `.top, .bot { width: 100%; }`, image map doesn't work-x

## done

comparing app-imagemap with app-aycalc, was missing recent tweaks - forgot about app-lessdivs
try matrix on smallest browserstack browser- bb-quizzes/notes/2016-07-13 smallest screen.md

text full width-
get ready text too small-
start button should be further from text-
time limit is now 3 mins-

remember (e.g.):
`#getReady.buttons` matches `<div id="getReady" class="buttons">`
`#getReady .buttons ` matches `<div id="getReady"><div class="buttons">` 

Blisk doesn't show dimensions of page or device, sent feature request:
>When you choose a mobile device, it would be useful to see the resolution of that device displayed somewhere, and likewise the current dimensions of the web panel. Otherwise, great work!



---

estimate or calculate height of text element - forget this
estimate or predict height of html element - Google Search (https://www.google.co.uk/search?q=estimate+or+predict+height+of+html+element)
Determining the dimensions of elements - Web APIs | MDN (https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/CSS_Object_Model/Determining_the_dimensions_of_elements)
html determine height of text element - Google Search (https://www.google.co.uk/search?q=html+text+height)
javascript - How to get the real height of a text? - Stack Overflow (http://stackoverflow.com/questions/15161385/how-to-get-the-real-height-of-a-text)
JavaScript Window getComputedStyle() Method (http://www.w3schools.com/jsref/jsref_getcomputedstyle.asp)
Calculate text width and height with JavaScript (http://daipratt.co.uk/calculate-text-width-and-height-with-javascript/)
HTML / JavaScript calculate text dimensions - Ben Ripkens (bripkens) (http://blog.bripkens.de/2011/06/html-javascript-calculate-text-dimensions/)
javascript measure text - Google Search (https://www.google.co.uk/search?q=javascript+measure+text)
[HTML canvas measureText()](http://www.w3schools.com/tags/canvas_measuretext.asp) - nope


Dear Chris, just to record the outcomes from our meeting today. Firstly we noted you were either ill or on leave for most of the time since our last meeting so it's not unreasonable that most of the ToDos from then remain undone. The carry-over actions from last week are:
* Implement the re-sizing algorithm as described in last weeks email and annotated on the paper copy of your documentation.  Update the documentation to match.
* Add a generic description of the images used in the system - i.e. say how big the various "icons" are and the spacings between them for the 2 layouts.
* Produce a similar document for the Hoops system.
I think the above should all be achievable within a week.
New item:
* Investigate (briefly!) what is the smallest mobile phone screen we are likely to encounter so some lower limit can be put on the 'shrinkability' of the interface.
Also:
* I said that it's not necessary for all the instructional text on the training pages to be visible (it's fine for users to scroll at this point in the process) so you don't need to spend time calculating the size of the div box containing that text as the screen changes size.
* I noted that you arrived at 11ish and emailed then to say that you'd been late due to oversleeping.  I asked that, in future, you ring from home prior to coming in so we know as early as possible that you will be in.
Regards, Alan


