


>Array iteration and for...in
Note: for...in should not be used to iterate over an Array where the index order is important.
Array indexes are just enumerable properties with integer names and are otherwise identical to general Object properties. There is no guarantee that for...in will return the indexes in any particular order.  The for...in loop statement will return all enumerable properties, including those with non–integer names and those that are inherited.
Because the order of iteration is implementation-dependent, iterating over an array may not visit elements in a consistent order. Therefore it is better to use a for loop with a numeric index (or Array.prototype.forEach() or the for...of loop) when iterating over arrays where the order of access is important.

## defer

IIFE to prevent hoisting - but maybe we want global vars to maintain state?

## done

intro 1, 2 are 2x2 grids, intro 3 is a 3x3 grid - should use those grids rather than having specific layouts.
and text should go in config
JSON data structure for each page, with: sprite sheet to use indices into sprite sheet correct answer player's answer next page? `config.json`
ah, $.getJSON() is async, so config may or may not be loaded (probably not) by the time showPage() is run
showPage() on completion

yes, you can do switch, and switch on strings:

        switch (page.templateId) {
        case "quiz2x2":
            break;
        case "quiz3x3":
            break;
        default:
            throw new Error("unrecogised id");
        }

and you can do try... catch, and throw - new Error rather than Exception

reliably transition from one page to the next loading pages from config.json-?
separate structure for answers?-x