

### centring elements

Centre block within containing block:

```css
#content {
  width: 80%; // or px or em or anything less than 100% - must be set!
  margin-left: auto;
  margin-right: auto; // or just: margin: auto
}
```

Centre content *inside* the block:

    text-align: center;

### Some jQuery used in main.js 

(aka how to load the images and text):

    $(sel).css('background-image', img);    // e.g. background-image: url('images/intro1.png');
    $(sel).css('background-position', pos); // e.g. background-position: -210px 0px;
    $(sel).css('color', correct ? 'green' : 'red');
    $(sel).html(text + 'ms');
    //$('input[name="results"]').val() = JSON.stringify(answers);
    $('#results').val(JSON.stringify(answers));
    var clickedEl = $(this), elId = clickedEl.attr('id');
    $('#feedbackForm').attr('action', formAction);
    $.getJSON('./config.json', function (data) { ... }
    $('#pages').on('click', 'a, button, div.row div', containerClick); // delegate events
    $().ready(function () { //$(document).ready(

`function applyStyles(page)` is currently commented out...

### predefined CSS colour names

http://www.w3schools.com/colors/colors_names.asp


### Bootstrap container width

    // /home/cbird/Projects/bb-quizzes/hoops/yo/app/styles/main.scss
    // bower:scss
    @import "bower_components/bootstrap-sass/assets/stylesheets/_bootstrap.scss";
    // endbower

`bower_components/bootstrap-sass/assets/stylesheets/_bootstrap.scss` sets:

    .container {
        max-width: 730px;
    }

which makes it too narrow on the desktop for the quizzes. Why does it set that, and not a percentage?
in `main.scss`, it does:

    /* Responsive: Portrait tablets and up */
    @media screen and (min-width: 768px) {
      .container {
        max-width: 730px;
    }

### How do media queries work?

what does `screen and (min-width: 768px)` mean? It means: "if displaying on a screen (as opposed to speech, print etc), and the viewport is 768 pixels wide or wider".

Should use classes rather than IDs for my CSS as there are multiple layouts with the same names in the same page.

## done

### red upload

does `red` script work from `cbird@q108-vlubuntu` (where upload to `xrat` does not)? Yes

    2016-05-03 12:12:53 cbird@q108-vlubuntu ~/Projects/bb-quizzes/hoops/yo
    /home/cbird/Projects/bb-quizzes/hoops/yo/red


### semantic naming of images

semantic naming system for towers of hanoi problem, e.g. for first intro screen (intro1.png):

    t3b2u1w     # 3-level tower has black ring, 2-level has yellow, 1-level has white (t for tower, id must start with a letter not a number)
    t3b2wy1     # 3-level tower has black ring, 2-level has white on top then yellow, 1-level has none

### Why is CSS so difficult?

With (e.g. JS) coding, you're in control - you can see your code, or someone else's, and what it's supposed to do. 
With CSS, there is this unseen layout engine with its own inner workings, and you have to understand how it works to write your "code".

https://www.google.co.uk/search?q=understanding+css+layout+engine

